Doc: Update Python gotchas (#8489)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/api/python_gotchas.rst

   31212

In this example, ``band`` has a relationship with ``dataset`` that requires ``dataset`` to remain allocated in order for ``band`` to work.
If we delete ``dataset`` and then try to use ``band``, Python will throw a confusing exception:

.. code-block::

   >>> from osgeo import gdal
   >>> dataset = gdal.Open('C:\\RandomData.img')
   >>> band = dataset.GetRasterBand(1)
   >>> del dataset           # This will cause the Python garbage collector to deallocate dataset

>    >>> band.Checksum()       # This will now crash Python because the band's dataset is gone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >>> band.Checksum()       # This will throw an exception because the band's dataset is gone
```
